{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Perhaps you want to write a screenplay in Scrivener\'97you can do so in the iOS version as well as the desktop version. By default, scriptwriting features are turned off, but you can turn them on via the project settings (the gear button beneath the binder).\
When scriptwriting features are turned on, you can choose whether each new document you create should be a script document, and you can change this setting in the inspector. Script documents are denoted by a yellow text icon in the binder. When you type in them, standard scriptwriting format is automatically applied, and you can switch between the scriptwriting elements by tapping on the current element title in the navigation bar (which replaces the word count for script documents). Tabbing at the start of a line also switches between elements. If you\'92ve used other scriptwriting programs, it should all feel very familiar\'97and if you haven\'92t, try it out if you\'92re interested in scriptwriting!\
When scriptwriting is enabled, the export and Compile options allow you to export to Final Draft FDX format (the industry standard for screenplays). You can import FDX files whether scriptwriting mode is enabled or not.\
Although new projects created in the iOS version only support screenplay format for scriptwriting, if you use the desktop version of Scrivener, any projects you open in the iOS version will continue to use the formatting you have set up there\'97UK Stage Play, Comic Script, and so on, as well as any custom formats you have created yourself. The iOS version will simply use whatever script format is set up for the project that is open.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Scriptwriting Tips\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li560\fi-560\sl312\slmult1\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \'95	The tab key is very useful while using scriptwriting mode, as it allows you to navigate between elements and trigger completions. If the tab key isn\'92t readily available on your keyboard, you can add it to the extended keyboard row by long-pressing on one of the buttons in the row and selecting it from the \'93Characters\'94 list.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li560\fi-560\sl312\slmult1\sb240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'95	Script documents have a half-inch indent on the left of each element, which provides industry-standard formatting when printed using paper with one-inch margins. On the iPhone, this half-inch on the left takes up valuable space, however. To reclaim this space, you can select \'93Hide Left Margin\'94 in the \'93Scriptwriting\'94 project settings (available via the gear menu at the bottom of the binder on the iPhone only). This option hides the left half inch of the text area when displaying script documents. (Note that if you create any text with no indent in script documents when this option is turned on, the left of the text will be clipped off the side of the editor.)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Okay, so that covers the editor\'97let\'92s take a look at the inspector next. Return to \'93The Main Interface\'94 folder in the binder and tap on the document entitled \'93The Inspector\'94.}