{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 One of the philosophies behind Scrivener is that it doesn\'92t force you into a particular workflow. Therefore, Scrivener doesn\'92t assume that everyone writing a novel (for example) uses character sheets to keep track of character information or prompt sheets for locations. Instead, Scrivener provides the means to set up \'93document templates\'94 that can generate such items for those who use them.\
Document templates allow you to set up a document in the project and use it as the basis for creating new documents. Let\'92s try this now.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}In the binder, navigate back to the main \'93Tutorial\'94 screen (the one containing \'93Recent\'94 and \'93Bookmarks\'94. There, you will see that there is a \'93Templates\'94 folder, which is just a regular folder I have named \'93Templates\'94.\
{\listtext	2.	}Tap onto the \'93Templates\'94 folder to look inside it. I have created simple character and location sheets and placed them in this folder. I did this simply by creating a document for each, adding some text, and assigning a custom icon. At the moment, there is nothing special about the \'93Templates\'94 folder, so these documents are not yet acting as templates.\
{\listtext	3.	}Return to the main \'93Tutorial\'94 screen in the binder again, so that you can see the \'93Templates\'94 folder.\
{\listtext	4.	}Swipe left on the \'93Templates\'94 folder.\
{\listtext	5.	}Tap \'93More\'94.\
{\listtext	6.	}Tap \'93Set as Templates Folder\'94.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You have now told Scrivener that any documents inside the \'93Templates\'94 folder should be treated as document templates\'97you will notice that the icon of the \'93Templates\'94 folder has changed to a blueprint with a \'93T\'94 in it to indicate this. So let\'92s try creating a document from one of our templates:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Drill down into the \'93Research\'94 folder.\
{\listtext	2.	}Tap the \'93+\'94 button beneath the empty binder. You are now presented with a choice of \'93Text\'94, \'93Character Sheet\'94 or \'93Location Sheet\'94.\
{\listtext	3.	}Choose \'93Character Sheet\'94.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 After you choose a name, a fresh copy of the \'93Character Sheet\'94 document will be made inside the \'93Research\'94 folder, ready for you to edit.\
Okay, we\'92re nearly done\'97just a couple more things to cover. In the binder, navigate back out of the \'93Research\'94 folder and then open the \'93Draft\'94 folder again. Tap on the document called \'93Exporting and Printing\'94.}