{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red133\green12\blue1;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c52157\c4706\c392;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 You can create new folders and text documents using the icons at the bottom of the binder. You can also import documents from Dropbox or iCloud using the import icon (note that when you are viewing a folder inside the Draft folder, you will be restricted to importing only text documents\'97Word, RTF, Final Draft and plain text files are supported for import).\
The \'93share\'94 icon below the binder brings up the Compile options\'97we\'92ll cover Compile later.\
More options are available by swiping left in a row (including the option to export individual documents).\
You can tap 
\f1\b \cf2 Edit
\f0\b0 \cf0  above the binder to enter editing mode. In editing mode, you can drag and drop to rearrange documents, and the icons below the binder change to present different options. The buttons available in editing mode allow you to move documents to a different folder, duplicate documents, merge documents and move them to the Trash. There\'92s also a \'93move mode\'94 button (a cross with arrows) that changes the icons in the toolbar to buttons that allow you to move selected documents up and down, and to indent and dedent them in the outline.\
(Feel free to try any of this out in this tutorial project\'97remember that you can always reset the tutorial from the 
\f1\b \cf2 Getting Help
\f0\b0 \cf0  screen if you lose anything.)\
That covers almost everything you need to know about using the binder, but let\'92s look at one more very important feature. In the binder, navigate back to the folder entitled \'93The Main Interface\'94. You\'92re going to look at \'93The Editor\'94 next. You\'92ll notice that, like \'93The Binder\'94, \'93The Editor\'94 is a text document with subdocuments and so has a chevron in a circle next to it that allows you to drill down. However, you don\'92t 
\f2\i have
\f0\i0  to drill down\'97there\'92s another way.\
Swipe left in \'93The Editor\'94 row. Because it has subdocuments, you\'92ll see a purple \'93Expand\'94 button. Tap on it. See what happened? All of the subdocuments of \'93The Editor\'94 were revealed indented right below their parent. You can do this for any document or folder that has subdocuments, and you can reveal as many levels as you want. If you swipe the row again, the purple button will be entitled \'93Collapse\'94, allowing you to tuck the subdocuments  away once more. (Note that when a folder is expanded, it will no longer show the corkboard or text icon, because while it is expanded, tapping on the row will automatically open the document in the editor, and the drill-down chevron will be replaced by a chevron-in-a-circle button that can be tapped to drill down.)\
Okay, so now tap on \'93The Editor\'94\'97the document you just expanded\'97to learn all about\'85}