{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red133\green12\blue1;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c52157\c4706\c392;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 Note:
\f1\i0  The corkboard is only available when you are running Scrivener for iOS on an iPad. If you\'92re reading this on an iPhone, you may therefore want to skip this section until you can read it on an iPad.\
The corkboard provides another way of getting an overview of your documents and of rearranging them. You access it by tapping the corkboard icon that appears next to folder items in the binder (or, for folder items that are expanded, simply by tapping on the row). This loads the subdocuments of the selected folder into the editor as index cards. Each index card displays the title and synopsis of its associated document (or, if there is no synopsis set, the first few words of the text). You can also show the label colour and status of each document by turning those options on via the gear menu in the project home.\
The main features of the corkboard are as follows:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li560\fi-560\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'95	Pinch to resize the cards.\
\'95	The nav bar icons should be familiar from the editor, but there is one extra: a text icon. Tapping this switches from corkboard mode to text mode, switching the editor to show the text of the folder document (remember that folders are just a special type of text document). When you do this, all the corkboard icons in the binder change to text icons, indicating that from now on, tapping that icon will open the folder in text editor mode rather than in the corkboard. The icon above the editor now shows a corkboard icon where the text icon was before. Tapping it returns you to corkboard mode, and changes the icons in the binder back to corkboard icons.\
\'95	Tap on a card to open it in the editor.\
\'95	Tap and hold an index card to drag it to a new position on the board.\
\'95	Tap with two fingers on a card to select it without opening its associated document in the editor.\
\'95	Double-tap a card to open the inspector (if the inspector is not already open in the sidebar\'97when the inspector is visible in the sidebar, selecting a card updates the inspector to show meta-data for the selected document and double-tapping does nothing).\
\'95	Swipe left on a card to open it in Quick Reference mode (so that the document appears in the left column).\
\'95	In \'93Edit\'94 mode, you can duplicate documents, move them to the Trash, move them into a different folder, merge them and add new folders.\
\'95	Images appear on the corkboard as photos (although this option can be turned off via the project settings). Other documents can also be represented by an image instead of the synopsis, though: simply assign a corkboard image to the document via the inspector. So, for instance, you could assign a character photo to a document containing character notes, so that the character\'92s face appears on the corkboard.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Tip: 
\f1\b0 Although the default behaviour is for taps with one finger to open documents and taps with two fingers to select without opening, this behaviour can be reversed using the \'93Corkboard Navigation\'94 option in Settings app.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 But enough waffling about it\'97you probably want to see it for yourself. In the binder, tap back to return to the contents of the \'93Draft\'94 folder, and then tap on the corkboard icon next to the folder entitled \'93The Main Interface\'94. When you\'92re ready to return here, simply tap with two fingers on the index card titled \'93The Corkboard\'94 (or, alternatively, double-tap on it to open its inspector, and then tap on 
\f2\b \cf2 Open
\f1\b0 \cf0  to open this document again).\
Done that? Okay, next tap on \'93Document Templates\'94 in the binder.}