{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red133\green12\blue1;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The binder\'97the sidebar\'97is the main navigation tool in Scrivener; if you\'92re familiar with Mail and similar iOS apps, it shouldn\'92t look too alien to you. The basics are simple:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li560\fi-560\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'95	Tap on a document to open it in the editor.\
\'95	Tap on a folder to drill down into its subdocuments in the binder.\
\'95	Tap the back button above the binder to move back up a level.\
\'95	Pull down to reveal the search bar. After you\'92ve searched for something, you can pull down in the search results again to reveal options for how you\'92d like the search to be sorted.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 There are some extra navigational features, too:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li560\fi-560\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'95	
\f1\b Inspector
\f0\b0 : Tap and hold on a document to open {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://5EDEBB94-5C7A-47AD-B6AB-8E21ACA120FD"}}{\fldrslt the inspector}}. This allows you to edit the title and synopsis of the document.\
\'95	
\f1\b Display Path
\f0\b0 : Tap the title in the nav bar at the top of the binder to bring up a menu showing the path to the current group being displayed. Tapping on an item in this path menu takes you straight back to the selected group, saving you from having to keep hitting the back button. The Inspector 
\f1\b \cf2 i
\f0\b0 \cf0  icon in the path menu allows you to edit the title of the current group.\
\'95	
\f1\b Show Synopses
\f0\b0 : Tap the gear icon in the toolbar below the binder to bring up the Project Settings and turn on \'93Show Synopses\'94 in the \'93Binder\'94 settings to show the synopses for documents (you cannot do this for the project home, only when you are looking at the contents of a folder). If a document has no synopsis associated with it, the first words of its text will be displayed instead. (Note that synopses are already turned on in this tutorial project.)\
\'95	
\f1\b Expand the Binder
\f0\b0 : The \'93Compact\'94/\'94Expanded\'94 option in Project Settings allows you to determine how much of your outline you can see. When "Compact\'94 is selected, synopsis font sizes are kept to the system standard and no more than three or four lines of synopses and text will be shown in the binder. When \'93Expanded\'94 is selected, the synopses font becomes larger and rows expand to show all of the synopses. (Rows do not expand for documents that have no synopsis and which are therefore showing only a preview of the first lines of the text.) When \'93Expanded\'94 is selected on the iPad, the binder also becomes wider. This is a great way of working with your outline right next to your text. (Note that on the iPhone, this option is not available in the project home screen, only inside folders, and appears as a simple \'93Compact\'94 switch.)\
\'95	
\f1\b Folders
\f0\b0 : Folder documents have an icon on the right side of the row. This will either be a corkboard icon (iPad only) or a text icon. Tapping on it opens the folder in the editor. When it\'92s showing the corkboard icon, the subdocuments of the folder will be shown in the editor as index cards; when it\'92s showing the text icon, the text of the folder will appear in the editor. This is 
\f2\i not
\f0\i0  the text of the folder\'92s subdocuments but of the folder itself\'97folders are really just a special type of text document, and you can change a folder to a text document and vice versa at any time using the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://5EDEBB94-5C7A-47AD-B6AB-8E21ACA120FD"}}{\fldrslt inspector}}. See the section on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://3DD8E2EA-5014-43D1-9E1B-35C1AFE07DAB"}}{\fldrslt corkboard}} for more information on how these buttons work.\
\'95	It\'92s not only folder documents that can have subdocuments; other documents can too. When a text document has subdocuments, it will show a chevron contained in a circle on the right of its row. Tapping this button will navigate down into its subdocuments.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The text document you are reading right now has subdocuments, in fact, so let\'92s try this out: in the binder, tap on the chevron-in-a-circle button on the right of the row containing \'93The Binder\'94, and then open the document that is revealed entitled \'93Special Folders\'94.}