{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFUIText;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green242\blue145;\red133\green12\blue1;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c94902\c56863;\cssrgb\c52157\c4706\c392;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Text Editing\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 The text you are reading now is contained in a full rich-text editor, so you can format your text however you want. (If the text is too small, by the way, you can use the pinch gesture to zoom in and out.) Tap into the text to start editing\'97try that now. You\'92ll notice that the icons in the nav bar at the top change:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li560\fi-560\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'95	Tapping on the paintbrush icon brings up the formatting palette, which should be familiar to anyone who has used Pages. (On the iPhone, this icon is only available from the extended keyboard row\'97see below.) Note that although Scrivener allows you a great deal of control over the formatting, it is not intended as a replacement for a word processor\'97Scrivener is about hammering out your words. (It is not meant for advanced layout tasks such as wrapping text around images, for example.)\
\'95	The magnifying glass brings up Find and Replace.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 While you type, a live word count appears in the nav bar at the top of the screen. (You can change this to a character count\'97or have both\'97via the options in Settings app.) When you end editing, the word count appears in the toolbar at the bottom of the screen (iPad only).\
Note that, by default, Scrivener uses smart typography\'97so quotation marks, double- and triple-hyphens, and ellipses all get converted to their smart equivalents as you type. You can turn this off via Settings app if you prefer, and you can also change the type of quotes used for different languages.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb390\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Typewriter Scrolling\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Typewriter mode is a special typing mode that is available on the iPad. You can turn it on by tapping the \'93T\'94 icon in the navigation bar while editing, or via the Project Settings (the gear icon in the toolbar below the binder). In this mode, the line of text you are typing remains centred on the screen, so that your eyes aren\'92t always staring at the bottom of your iPad as you write. (You can change the position of the typewriter line via Scrivener\'92s options in Settings app.)\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 The Extended Keyboard Row\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Above the keyboard (or at the bottom of the screen if you are using an external keyboard) you will notice that there is an extra row of keys. You can swipe left and right between three different sets of eight buttons, giving 24 in total. These provide options for punctuation, text navigation and formatting, and the keys shown here are fully customisable\'97tap and hold a button to bring up the customisation palette. You can thus set this row up to contain the commands that are most useful to you. (You can turn off the keyboard row entirely via Scrivener\'92s options in Settings app.)\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Targets\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Tapping on the live word/character count feature brings up the targets popover. Here you can view and set your current writing targets and your progress towards them. You can set two writing targets: the number of words or characters you wish to write in total in the Draft folder (the target for your entire manuscript, in other words), and a session target\'97the number of words or characters you wish to write during the current session. Tap on the target you wish to change to access the options.\
Progress towards the Draft target is indicated in the centre circle as a growing pie; progress towards the session target (if there is one) is indicated in the circle surrounding the Draft target pie. A \'93session\'94 lasts for as long as you want\'97until you tap on \'93Start New Session\'94 in the targets popover.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Accessing Text Features\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Various text editing features can be found in the following places:\
\'96 In the formatting palette (accessed by tapping on the paintbrush).\
\'96 In the extended keyboard row.\
\'96 Using the buttons that appear either side of the predictive text row (iPad only).\
\'96 In the Edit menu (the black popover that appears when you tap and hold in the text).\
Some of those features include:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li560\fi-560\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'95	
\f0\b Split
\f1\b0 : Split the current document in two at the current cursor position (available via the Edit menu).\
\'95	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://2CE9A38B-8743-4885-BB8A-CE4A2C53A8A7"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b Comments}}
\f0\b  and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://35B50A30-C33D-4779-A191-D05B4FA4AA33"}}{\fldrslt Footnotes}}
\f1\b0 : Attach comments and footnotes to the text (available in the extended keyboard row, the predictive text row, and in the Edit menu). Note that footnotes look like comments in Scrivener but become real footnotes when you export your text to a word processor using Word or RTF format (or they become endnotes when printing directly from Scrivener or exporting to PDF format). To open a comment or footnote\'97such as the ones attached to the bold text at the start of this paragraph\'97either double-tap on them while they are not selected, or use the Edit menu while they are selected.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li560\fi-560\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \'95	Inline 
\f2\b0\fs34 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{#AF1C00\} \\text=
\f0\b\fs26 Annotations
\f2\b0\fs34 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f0\b\fs26  and 
\f2\b0\fs34 \{\\Scrv_fn=
\f0\b\fs26 Footnotes
\f2\b0\fs34 \\end_Scrv_fn\}
\f1\fs26 : Inline notes are ranges of regular text that are marked up with bubbles\'97like the bold text at the start of 
\f3\i this
\f1\i0  paragraph. Inline footnotes get turned into real footnotes when exported to RTF or Word (or endnotes when printing or exporting to PDF); inline annotations can be turned into comments or removed from the text when compiling, or are printed inside square brackets when printing. (Available from the extended keyboard row and the predictive text row on the iPad.)\

\f0\b \'95	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.literatureandlatte.com"}}{\fldrslt Links}}
\f1\b0 : You can add links to web pages or to other documents inside your Scrivener project (available via the extended keyboard row and the predictive text row on the iPad). To open a document link, double-tap on it, or select it and press to bring up the black edit menu and choose \'93Open Link\'94. On newer versions of iOS you can also simply long-press on a link to open it.\

\f0\b \'95	\cb2 Highlights\cb1 :
\f1\b0  Available from the formatting palette and the extended keyboard row.\

\f0\b \'95	Insert Images:
\f1\b0  Available through the predictive text row (iPad only) and the extended keyboard row.\

\f0\b \'95	Formatting Presets/Styles
\f1\b0 : Available via the formatting palette. If you use the Mac version of Scrivener, you can export your formatting presets from the Mac via the Format > Formatting > Export Presets for iOS\'85 command. You can then import the presets file into the iOS version by placing the exported presets.plist file in Dropbox and using \'93Open In\'94 from Dropbox.app to open the file in Scrivener. (You can also import your own fonts via Dropbox\'92s \'93Open In\'94 feature.)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 If you\'92re still in editing mode, leave it now by tapping 
\f0\b \cf3 Done
\f1\b0 \cf0 , then move on to \'93Referring to Research\'94 in the editor\'97if you collapsed \'93The Editor\'94, you\'92ll need to drill down into the subdocuments of \'93The Editor\'94 by tapping on the chevron-in-a-circle next to it (or expand it again by swiping left on the row and tapping \'93Expand\'94).}