{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2630
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform1{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red133\green12\blue1;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c52157\c4706\c392;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Projects and Documents\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Before going any further, in the great tradition of academic debate, let\'92s define our terms. When you want to write a new book or long text, you create a new 
\f0\b project
\f1\b0  via the 
\f0\b projects screen
\f1\b0 . When you open a project, you first see the 
\f0\b project home
\f1\b0 , which shows a list of top-level folders and files along with the \'93Recents\'94 and \'93Bookmarks\'94 lists. A project in Scrivener can contain many 
\f0\b documents
\f1\b0  (although sometimes I might refer to documents as \'93files\'94 for a bit of variety\'97please forgive me my inconsistencies). Documents can be text files, images, or anything that\'92s contained inside the project. You can arrange your documents by placing them in 
\f0\b folders
\f1\b0 \'97which are just a special type of document. Any document can act as a group, though, not just folders\'97you can, for instance, nest a text file inside another text file. The main difference is that when you tap on a folder in the binder, it will drill down a level if it\'92s not expanded (more on that later), whereas when you tap on a regular document, its content is opened in the editor.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The Interface\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Scrivener\'92s main interface is made up of the following components:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://EDD0CDEA-75B0-4568-BBE2-FD5870049CED"}}{\fldrslt Binder}}\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://1D50EBDD-93F2-4434-AD5E-BD7F1FCB67C2"}}{\fldrslt Editor}}\
- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://5EDEBB94-5C7A-47AD-B6AB-8E21ACA120FD"}}{\fldrslt Inspector}}\
- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://3DD8E2EA-5014-43D1-9E1B-35C1AFE07DAB"}}{\fldrslt Corkboard}} 
\f1\i0 (iPad only)
\f0\b\fs36 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 The 
\f0\b binder
\f1\b0  is the name we use for the sidebar whenever a project is open (when a project is not open, the sidebar is referred to as the 
\f2\i projects list
\f1\i0 ). It\'92s called the binder because it acts like a ring-binder: it holds all of the files in your project, and you can arrange it however yo u wish. (Although I\'92ll be referring to the \'93sidebar\'94 throughout this tutorial, on most iPhones, where there is not enough space to show the binder and editor side-by-side, the binder will appear on its own screen. You\'92ll access it from the editor by tapping the back button. You can try rotating your device to see what happens.)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The 
\f0\b editor
\f1\b0  contains the text you are reading right now. This is where you\'92ll do all your writing. I tcan also show research documents, such as images and PDF files.\
The can be in the toolbar below the editor (iPhone); tap and hold on a document in the binder; double-tap on an index card in the corkboard. The inspector shows\'97and allows you to edit\'97various meta-data associated with a document, such as its title, synopsis, notes, label and status. You can also assign custom icons to documents via the inspector.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 Note:
\f1\i0  If at any point you do not see the icons being described, you might be in editing mode; if so, tap 
\f0\b \cf2 Done
\f1\b0 \cf0  at the top of the screen.\
The 
\f0\b corkboard
\f1\b0  is a special editor view that shows all of the subdocuments of a group as index cards. Because the corkboard requires a little space, it is only available when Scrivener is used on an iPad.\
To learn how to use all of the above, tap on the folder entitled \'93The Main Interface\'94 in the binder, and then open the first document inside it\'97imaginatively titled \'93The Binder\'94. Leg schreibe jetzt einen}