{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 What is Scrivener?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Scrivener is aimed at writers of all stripes\'97novelists, journalists, academics, screenwriters, playwrights\'97who need to structure a long piece of text. Scrivener is a ring-binder, a scrapbook, a corkboard, an outliner and a text editor all rolled into one. It is primarily intended as a first draft tool, a kind of writer\'92s shed for those of us who don\'92t have a spare shed.\
Below you\'92ll find a brief survey of the key concepts behind Scrivener\'97the ideas that led me to drop my pen, learn programming, and create Scrivener in the first place. If you\'92re a user of the desktop version, you\'92re no doubt familiar with much of this already, in which case you can happily skip this section (or you can skip it grumpily\'97in Scrivener, how you work is entirely up to you).\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Writing\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Conventional word processors are wonderful for all kinds of things, but I\'92ve always struggled with them when it comes to writing long texts, because I like to jump around, writing different sections as they come to me. Scrivener makes it easy to compose in any order you want, whether that\'92s from start to finish or completely at random.\
Word processors only ever know about the document you\'92re working on at any one time\'97if you have lots of different documents pertaining to a single project, it\'92s up to you to keep track of them. By contrast, Scrivener is a project-based app, and each project you create in Scrivener can contain as many documents as you desire. This means that you can write in chunks as large or small as you wish. If you\'92re writing a novel, for instance, you could write each chapter in a separate document, or you could break it down further and write each 
\f2\i scene
\f1\i0  in a different document\'97it\'92s up to you. When you come to export or print your work, all of those myriad sections can be compiled into a single document.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Research\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Scrivener projects aren\'92t only for storing text. Many books and long documents require a great deal of research, and you can import your research documents\'97images, PDF files, even movie and sound files\'97directly into Scrivener. So you can easily switch between your writing and a research document.\
Scrivener fully supports the iPad\'92s split screen feature, so that you can refer to information in other applications while you write. Just drag inwards from the right edge of the screen and select another app to open alongside Scrivener.\
Not only that: on an iPad, you can also view two documents alongside one another 
\f2\i inside
\f1\i0  Scrivener, using the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://EC7EDF98-E5D3-4644-A649-0D72F0BD0BFE"}}{\fldrslt Quick Reference}} feature.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Outlining\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Every writer approaches the task of putting together his or her ideas in a different way. To that end, Scrivener allows you to choose whatever structure best fits your project, and to work with an overview of that structure.\
Scrivener\'92s sidebar shows a nested list of documents that can be expanded and collapsed, so that you can work with your whole outline or only subsections of it. Here you can create not only as many text files as you wish, but also folders to contain your text files, and you can have folders within folders within folders. You can even nest text files inside other text files; in Scrivener, a folder is just a special type of text file, and you can freely convert between one and the other.\
How you structure your project is for you to decide\'97you might have a folder for each chapter, containing text documents for each scene; you might have no folders and just use text documents for each chapter; you might do something completely different. There\'92s no right way or wrong way; the idea is only that you find 
\f2\i your
\f1\i0  way\'97the methods and structures that work best for you in 
\f2\i your
\f1\i0  writing.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Every document in a Scrivener project is associated with a synopsis and notes (assigned using the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://5EDEBB94-5C7A-47AD-B6AB-8E21ACA120FD"}}{\fldrslt inspector}}). You can turn synopses on in the sidebar to get a more detailed overview of your outline. When running Scrivener on an iPad, you also have access to the corkboard, which shows the title and synopsis of each document inside any given folder. You can assign synopses manually, or leave them blank, in which case the first lines of the text are shown. This makes it easy to get an overview of your work, and to restructure it via drag and drop.\
If the idea of outlines makes you shudder, never fear: Scrivener imposes no fixed approach to writing and outlining. You might start by creating a bunch of folders and empty text files, creating synopses for each one on the corkboard or in the sidebar. Then you might go through and fill in the text files, referring to the synopses as a prompt for what you need to write. Conversely, you might write like crazy and worry about all the structural stuff only when your first draft is complete. In that case, you can just write away, creating new text documents as and when you feel like it, and you can split things apart and rearrange everything only much later in the process. Or you can use a combination of both methods. Most importantly, though, always remember that you can just ignore anything you don\'92t need.\
\'93That\'92s all very well,\'94 I hear you declaim, \'93but I didn\'92t come here for an advertorial. Just get on with it and tell me how you use the thing already.\'94 Right-oh! To get started, tap on the \'93Draft\'94 folder in the sidebar to drill down into it, and then select the document entitled \'93The Basics\'94. See you there!}